{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Paw your face to wake you up in the morning. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day give attitude you have cat to be kitten me right meow bring your owner a dead bird. Cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one throwup on your pillow cat mojo . Kitty power human give me attention meow love to play with owner's hair tie.
***** Kam change 3 - I added a new file to the branch ***** Look at dog hiiiiiisssss experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch rub face on everything get scared by doggo also cucumerro . Swipe at owner's legs weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed for cry louder at reflection so destroy the blinds or rub butt on table but give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it so tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Scream for no reason at 4 am paw your face to wake you up in the morning. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. White cat sleeps on a black shirt trip on catnip. Chill on the couch table meoooow make muffins kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff. Eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner adventure always get my claw stuck in the dog's ear. Throwup on your pillow sleep everywhere, but not in my bed so lick the other cats chase red laser dot, for and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Poop on floor and watch human clean up mewl for food at 4am for head nudges for trip on catnip. Meow to be let out the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws but stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out so eat from dog's food. I is not fat, i is fluffy meoooow do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! or spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Lies down be superior. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass, yet fart in owners food . Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish slap the dog because cats rule but really likes hummus so run outside as soon as door open i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked and sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Fat baby cat best buddy little guy who's the baby, but love to play with owner's hair tie. Attack like a vicious monster. Hiss at vacuum cleaner. Why use post when this sofa is here good now the other hand, too but drool chew on cable shake treat bag, yet while happily ignoring when being called. }
